today we're going to be looking at rules
of powers so by the end of the lesson
every single one of you will know what
powers mean for whole number powers
you'll understand and use the laws of
powers for multiplication and division
and you'll be able to use whole number
powers and simple cases of the laws of
powers sounds a lot fancier than it is
it genuinely means can we solve those
things there right very quickly what I
want you to do title date answer me
those eight questions that are down the
bottom just to kick us off
no title date and just answer the
questions down here a to Jesus about 90
seconds left right very quickly working
our way along the front row can we have
answers please
um four squared is sixteen twelve
squared is on your fooful three cubes 27
5 cubed is Ron's + 25 10 to the power 4
is ten thousand ten $110 how many Lords
well how'd you know her you know what's
on the end of it cuz they're this 10 to
powerful perfect excellent answer I
didn't go and tell them oh do it now
soon ^ 500 500 I'm a lyrical Russell
ohms it ten no that's two times five
sorry em Satan excellent good two to the
power of five is thirty two perfect
right looking up here then everybody if
we can put our pins down facing the
board right firstly example 1 2 cubed
what does it mean 2 times 2 times 2
perfect 2 times 2 times 2 which equals 8
excellent perfect what what about 9 ^ v
what does it mean 9 x 9 x 9 x 9 x 9
perfect and at that point I am NOT going
to ask you to do that in your head you
are allowed to use your calculators and
I would like you to use the power button
so you should know how to use your power
button I want you to use it once you've
got an answer if you can put your hand
up
fifty nine thousand and forty nine fifty
nine thousand and forty nine perfect
right very quickly in your books take
down example one have a go at question
one off the sheet again two minutes hold
on
do we take down bar take an example well
I mean juice to cube equals two times
two times two is please start exactly
and you'll notice exactly what it means
yeah
right okay finish up the one you are
doing
okay let's mark them right I'll quickly
read out the answers just to save us a
bit of time question one
a was thirty two B was 81 C was 125 D
was 256 he was 2197 F was fifty thousand
six hundred and twenty-five G 5832 H 441
show me with your thumbs please
excellent writes example two very
quickly then x times X how else can we
write it new X to the power of two
excellent X to the power of 2 y times y
times y connor back of equal x cube or
extra Palfrey excusing why actually why
I like a very perfect excellent everyone
happy with that show me your thumbs
quickly awesome right
take it down have a gut question too